Develop/README.md, before:


(![Hex.pm](https://img.shields.io/hexpm/l/apa))

## My Project Title is  
READme.md Generator

## Description (The what, why, and how:)
My project application generates a READme.md file after the user answers the questions. Unfortunately for me, I was generating a styled html page when I first started this project. I must admit, I finished my module work and used some of that code as a start for this project, I was wrong. Once I understood my mistake, I spent several hours changing my code to generate a READme.mdf and hot html. 

## Motivation  
Once I read and understood readme-guide.md file for this project, I was motivated  to code my index,js and my generateMarkdown.js to be run inside of Node.js within the terminal: node index.js  

## Installation (Require steps to install and run)  
Download and install Node.js and NPM. Within your local repository and terminal, run install inquirer (installs from NPM). By installing node.js you will see a folder called “node_modules” added to your Develop folder in VScode. Then run node index.js Answer the questions After the last question is answered a READme.md file is created and stored where You coded file path is pointed.

## Screenshot (taken during development)
Screenshot of my website
![Screenshot](./screenshot.jpg)
  
## Usage (How to use)
Now that this project has been created, theindex.js and generateMarkdown and package.JSON files can be customized to generate a READme.md for all future websites you generate.

## License
Apache License 2.0
I simply used apache 2.0, other license types could be added 
to this list, I showed how this section works, 
user selects from a list, corresponding badge 
will also be displayed at the top of the page.

## Contribute
I included this section for future use. I was the only contributor for this project and I don’t feel the need to add a resource for other developers to use at this time.
  
## Tests (optional)
undefined

## Questions
User can enter any questions that they have for me or any developer working on this project.

Email me with questions: joshua.mcswain@mecklenburgcountync.gov

_This README was generated by: Josh McSwain

## GitHub Link
GitHub URL:  (https://github.com/mcswajl/READme-Gen)

Commit message:

I updated the test section and generated a new readme

Develop/README.md, after:


(![Hex.pm](https://img.shields.io/hexpm/l/apa))

## My Project Title is  
READme.md Generator

## Description (The what, why, and how:)
My project application generates a READme.md file after the user answers the questions. Unfortunately for me, I was generating a styled html page when I first started this project. I must admit, I finished my module work and used some of that code as a start for this project, I was wrong. Once I understood my mistake, I spent several hours changing my code to generate a READme.mdf and hot html.

## Motivation  
Once I read and understood readme-guide.md file for this project, I was motivated to code my index,js and my generateMarkdown.js to be run inside of Node.js within the terminal: node index.js  

## Installation (Require steps to install and run)  
Download and install Node.js and NPM. Within your local repository and terminal, run install inquirer (installs from NPM). By installing node.js you will see a folder called “node_modules” added to your Develop folder in VScode. Then run node index.js Answer the questions After the last question is answered a READme.md file is created and stored where You coded file path is pointed.

## Screenshot (taken during development)
Screenshot of my website
![Screenshot](./images/screenshot.jpg)
  
## Usage (How to use)
Now that this project has been created, theindex.js and generateMarkdown and package.JSON files can be customized to generate a READme.md for all future websites you generate.

## License
Apache License 2.0
I simply used apache 2.0, other license types could be added 
to this list, I showed how this section works, 
user selects from a list, corresponding badge 
will also be displayed at the top of the page.

## Contribute
I included this section for future use. I was the only contributor for this project and I don’t feel the need to add a resource for other developers to use at this time.
  
## Tests (optional)
I did not run test but now that I have completed module 10 (HTML generator) I could go back and rest test for this application.

## Questions
User can enter any questions that they have for me or any developer working on this project.

Email me with questions: _This README was generated by: Josh McSwain

_This README was generated by: Josh McSwain

## GitHub Link
GitHub URL:  (https://github.com/mcswajl/READme-Gen)
